.github/README.md, before:

# Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge

The Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge is a way for applicants to roles within the Q-CTRL DevOps Engineering team to demonstrate their overall approach in creating solutions from a variety of requirements.

## The rules

- Read and understand [The challenge](#the-challenge).
- Create a solution that satisfies the [Requirements](#requirements).

## The challenge

**You are not expected to spend more than one hour on this task.**
- Using either AWS or GCP, create a website that displays some static text.
    - This text should include your name, e.g. “This is Mary Smith’s website”.
    - You will not be judged on your HTML skills.
    - Feel free to stick within the free/trial tiers for the resources you create.
- Create a public repo that includes all relevant code, and a README.md on how someone could replicate your website if required. Shortlisted candidates will have their instructions tested for accuracy and comprehensibility.
- Document what else you would do with your website, and how you would go about doing it, if you had more time.

### Requirements

Your solution must contain:
- All code used to create the site.
- Instructions to set up the site for ourselves.
- A section in your documentation outlining any improvements you would make to your solution as well as any alternative solutions.

## Contributing

See [Contributing](https://github.com/qctrl/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Credits

See [Contributors](https://github.com/qctrl/devops-challenge/graphs/contributors).

## License

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/qctrl/devops-challenge/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

feat: Additional changes to challenge

.github/README.md, after:

# Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge

The Q-CTRL DevOps Challenge is a way for applicants to roles within the Q-CTRL DevOps Engineering team to demonstrate their overall approach in creating solutions from a variety of requirements.

## The rules

- Read and understand [The challenge](#the-challenge).
- Create a solution that satisfies the [Requirements](#requirements).
- Send the link to the repository containing your solution to the person who contacted you.

## The challenge

**You should not spend more than a couple of hours on this task.**
- Using either AWS or GCP, create a website that displays some static text.
    - This text should include your name, e.g. “This is Mary Smith’s website”.
    - You will not be judged on your HTML skills.
    - Feel free to stick within the free/trial tiers for the resources you create.
- Create a public repo that includes all relevant code, and a README.md on how someone could replicate your website if required. Shortlisted candidates will have their instructions tested for accuracy and comprehensibility. This new repository should **not** be a fork this repository and should **not** make reference to "Q-CTRL" in the repository name, description or code.
- Document:
    - What else you would do with your website, and how you would go about doing it if you had more time.
    - Alternative solutions that you could have taken but didn't and explain why.
    - What additionally would be required to make this a production grade website that would be developed on by various development teams. The more detail, the better!

### Requirements

Your solution must contain:
- All code used to create the site.
- Instructions to set up the site for ourselves.
- A section in your documentation outlining any improvements you would make to your solution, alternative solutions, and additional work required to make it a production grade website.

## Contributing

See [Contributing](https://github.com/qctrl/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Credits

See [Contributors](https://github.com/qctrl/devops-challenge/graphs/contributors).

## License

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/qctrl/devops-challenge/blob/master/LICENSE).
